Your analysis of the data will be split into three main parts, or stages.

Collect the Data

Use the NumPy module to generate more than 1,500 random latitudes and longitudes.
Use the citipy module to list the nearest city to the latitudes and longitudes.
Use the OpenWeatherMap API to request the current weather data from each unique city in your list.
Parse the JSON data from the API request.
Collect the following data from the JSON file and add it to a DataFrame:
City, country, and date
Latitude and longitude
Maximum temperature
Humidity
Cloudiness
Wind speed
Exploratory Analysis with Visualization

Create scatter plots of the weather data for the following comparisons:
Latitude versus temperature
Latitude versus humidity
Latitude versus cloudiness
Latitude versus wind speed
Determine the correlations for the following weather data:
Latitude and temperature
Latitude and humidity
Latitude and cloudiness
Latitude and wind speed
Create a series of heatmaps using the Google Maps and Places API that showcases the following:
Latitude and temperature
Latitude and humidity
Latitude and cloudiness
Latitude and wind speed
Visualize Travel Data

Create a heatmap with pop-up markers that can display information on specific cities based on a customer's travel preferences. Complete these steps:

Filter the Pandas DataFrame based on user inputs for a minimum and maximum temperature.
Create a heatmap for the new DataFrame.
Find a hotel from the cities' coordinates using Google's Maps and Places API, and Search Nearby feature.
Store the name of the first hotel in the DataFrame.
Add pop-up markers to the heatmap that display information about the city, current maximum temperature, and a hotel in the city.


Notes : We use the geographic coordinate system (GCS) to reference any point on Earth by its latitude and longitude coordinates.

Latitudes are imaginary lines on Earth that run parallel east to west and are measured in angular units called degrees, minutes, and seconds, with 60 minutes in a degree and 60 seconds in a minute. Sometimes a latitude is referred to as a parallel. Consider, for example, the embattled 38th parallel (38° north) in East Asia that roughly demarcates North Korea and South Korea.

The equator is an imaginary line around the middle of the earth that is equidistant from the North and South Poles and has a latitude of 0°. The equator splits Earth into Northern and Southern Hemispheres.

Longitudes are imaginary lines on Earth that run from the North to the South Poles and are called meridians. The prime meridian represents zero meridian, the origin for longitude coordinates, and splits Earth into the Eastern and Western Hemispheres.

All together, the lines of latitude (parallels) and longitude (meridians) make up a geographic grid, as if the Earth were wrapped in graph paper with intersecting horizontal and vertical lines mapping to specific locations.

GCS makes it possible to pinpoint any place on Earth by providing its precise address, which is the intersection of its latitude and longitude lines.

How to generate random numbers!

 let's register for an OpenWeatherMap API key, a token granting access, and use it to retrieve weather data.

WeatherAPI Keys : f8acd2abb732da069aba02524a9941a2

site : https://home.openweathermap.org/api_keys

Current weather data

One format we can use to parse data is JavaScript Object Notation (JSON). The JSON format is also referred to as an "object" or "JSON object." The data inside a JSON object opens and closes with curly braces, much like a Python dictionary. Inside the JSON object is a collection of dictionaries and arrays.

Retrieve a Response Using the get() Method
Use the get() method, a feature of the Requests Library, to request data from an API. The get() method is one of many HTTP methods that allow us to access, add, delete, get the headers, and perform other actions on the request.


Request Method	Action
get()	Retrieves data from a web source.
head()	Retrieves the headers from a web source.
post()	Adds or annotates data on a web source. Used on mailing groups, message boards, or comments.
put()	Updates an existing resource. For example, if the date on a Wikipedia page is wrong, you can use the put() method to update that date.
delete()	Deletes data from a web source.
options()	Discovers what HTTP methods a web source allows.
patch()	Partially modifies a web source.



Liner equation fomular : y = mx + b

x = independent variable
y = dependent variable
m = slope
b= y intercept 